TINY-9491: Added some restrictions to link plugin. (#8393)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Direct invalid child text nodes of list elements will be wrapped in list item elements. #TINY-4818

### Changed

> - The `link` plugin will no longer try to add, change, or remove links generated in the `tableofcontent` plugin. #TINY-9491

Reviewer: Not sure how we should describe this but the change is now more general. The fix is going in to the core and `tableofcontent` is now a commercial plugin so I don't think we should be referencing this directly.

What about:
```suggestion
- The `link` plugins context menu items will no longer appear for noneditable links. #TINY-9491
```
